{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf\nisusversion50202 {\*\nisusorigdate\yr2022\mo6\dy23\hr15\min14 }{\*\nisussysvers 12.4.0}\deff0
{\*\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Geneva;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 SFProText-Regular{\*\falt SF Pro Text};}}
{\colortbl ;\red252\green127\blue8 ;\red0\green0\blue254 ;\red32\green254\blue254 ;}\nisusrevtypes0\donotshowinsdel1
{\*\nisustoctable
{\nisustoc\tcf68 {\nisustocname Default TOC}{\*\nisustoctabrep  }{\*\nisustocretrep  }{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 1}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 2}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 3}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 4}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 5}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 6}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 7}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 8}{\nisustoclevelstyle TOC 9}}\nisusactivetoc68 }
{\*\nisusxetable
{\nisusxe\xef68 {\nisusxename Default Index}{\nisusxeheaderstyle Index Heading}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 1}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 2}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 3}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 4}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 5}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 6}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 7}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 8}{\nisusxelevelstyle Index 9}{\*\fldinst INDEX \\k ". " \\g \endash  \\e "\tab " \\l ", " \\f D}}\nisusactivexe68 }
{\stylesheet
{\s104\snext104\f0 \ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\hyphpar1\li0\lin0\fi0\ri0\rin0 Normal;}
{\s105\snext105\sbasedon104\f0\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\hyphpar1\li0\lin0\fi0\ri0\rin0 Header;}
{\s106\snext106\sbasedon104\f0\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa0\sl240\slmult1\hyphpar1\li0\lin0\fi0\ri0\rin0 Footer;}
{\*\cs107\ul\cf2 Hyperlink;}}
\defformat {\info {\*\nisusgmtoffset -7:00}{\author Linus Skucas}{\creatim\yr2022\mo6\dy22\hr17\min6 }{\revtim\yr2022\mo6\dy23\hr15\min14 }\nofpages4 }{\*\userprops }\nisusrulerunits0\nisusstatusbar1\nisusareaid1\viewkind1\viewscale113\nisusviewruler1\nisusviewrulerh1\nisusviewrulerv0\nisusviewtoolbar1\nisusviewtooldrawer1\nisusviewtoolswidth250\nisusviewpagenumtype1\nisusviewrulericons0\donotshowcomments1
{\*\nisusviewsettings\viewkind4\viewscale125 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\width 160}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\mode toc}{\*\sort location}}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 2}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 1}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 4}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}}
{\*\nisusviewsettings\viewkind1\viewscale113 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\width 160}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\mode toc}{\*\sort location}{\*\closedtochandles }}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 2}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 1}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 4}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}}
{\*\nisusviewsettings\nisusviewknew102\viewscale100 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\width 160}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\mode toc}{\*\sort location}}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 2}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 1}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 4}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}}
{\*\nisusviewsettings\nisusviewknew103\viewscale100 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\width 160}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\mode toc}{\*\sort location}}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 2}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 1}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 4}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}}
{\*\nisusviewsettings\nisusviewknew104\viewscale100 {\nisusnavsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\width 160}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\mode toc}{\*\sort location}}{\nisuscommentsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 0}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 2}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}{\nisusrevisionsettings {\*\visible 0}{\*\showPane 1}{\*\isOnRightSide 1}{\*\width 180}{\*\titlebarInfo 4}{\*\showTextHighlighting 1}{\*\showGutterIcons 1}}}
\nisusareasplitv0
{\*\nisuswindow\x-135\y1025\w1074\actualw1324\h864 }
\nshwinv0\nshwpg1\nisusinlinespell1\nisushyphnone\spltpgpar\nisusselectstart45\nisusselectlength0\fet2\ftnbj\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1800\margb1800\gutter0\pgnstart1\nocolbal\widowctrl \f0
\sectd\endnhere\cols1\ltrsect\colbalsxn0\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1800\margbsxn1800\guttersxn0\headery720\footery360\pgncont\pgndec\sxnstarts1\sxnrestart\sxndec
{\header\plain\pard\s105\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\f0\fs24 }
{\footer\plain\pard\s106\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\f0\fs24 }
\deftab720 {\*\nisusscroll\nisusarea1\xoffset0\yoffset95 }{\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\qc\nowidctlpar\sl312\slmult1 {\f1 Engineering\par
{\cf1 Linus Skucas\par }}}
{\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/LinusS1/Axe"}{\fldrslt {\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\qc\nowidctlpar\sl312\slmult1 {\cs107\f1\ul\cf2 Source Code}}}}{\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\qc\nowidctlpar\sl312\slmult1 {\f1 \par }}
{\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\qc\nowidctlpar {\f2 \par
{\fs20\cf3 Third P}{\fs20\cf3\nisusselectcaret a}{\fs20\cf3 rty Libraries\par }}}
{\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/sindresorhus/LaunchAtLogin"}{\fldrslt {\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\nowidctlpar {\cs107\f2\fs20\ul\ulc2\cf2 LaunchAtLogin}}}}
{\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\nowidctlpar {\f2\fs20 \par
\fs18 MIT License\par
\par
Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par }}
{\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://sparkle-project.org"}{\fldrslt {\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\nowidctlpar {\cs107\f2\fs20\ul\cf2 Sparkle}}}}{\pard\nisusnos\ltrpar\pardirnatural\ql\nowidctlpar {\f2\fs20 \par
Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Andy Matuschak.\tab \par
\tab Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Elgato Systems GmbH.\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Kornel Lesi\u324 ?ski.\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Mayur Pawashe.\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2014 C.W. Betts.\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2014 Petroules Corporation.\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2014 Big Nerd Ranch.\par
\tab All rights reserved.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
\tab this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in\par
\tab the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\par
\tab use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of\par
\tab the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,\par
\tab subject to the following conditions:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
\tab copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
\tab IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\par
\tab FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR\par
\tab COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
\tab IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
\tab CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab =================\par
\tab EXTERNAL LICENSES\par
\tab =================\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab bspatch.c and bsdiff.c, from bsdiff 4.3 <http://www.daemonology.net/bsdiff/>:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Copyright 2003-2005 Colin Percival\par
\tab All rights reserved\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
\tab modification, are permitted providing that the following conditions \par
\tab are met:\par
\tab 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
\tab    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\tab 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
\tab    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
\tab    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
\tab IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
\tab WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
\tab ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
\tab DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
\tab DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
\tab OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
\tab HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
\tab STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
\tab IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
\tab POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab --\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab sais.c and sais.c, from sais-lite (2010/08/07) <https://sites.google.com/site/yuta256/sais>:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab The sais-lite copyright is as follows:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2008-2010 Yuta Mori All Rights Reserved.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person\par
\tab obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation\par
\tab files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without\par
\tab restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,\par
\tab copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
\tab copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
\tab Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following\par
\tab conditions:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\par
\tab included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
\tab EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES\par
\tab OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
\tab NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
\tab HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
\tab WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\par
\tab FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
\tab OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab --\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Portable C implementation of Ed25519, from https://github.com/orlp/ed25519\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2015 Orson Peters <orsonpeters@gmail.com>\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the\par
\tab authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial\par
\tab applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the\par
\tab    original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product\par
\tab    documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as\par
\tab    being the original software.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab --\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab SUSignatureVerifier.m:\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Hamlin.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab All rights reserved.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
\tab modification, are permitted providing that the following conditions\par
\tab are met:\par
\tab 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
\tab    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\tab 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
\tab    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
\tab    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\tab \par
\par
\tab THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
\tab IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
\tab WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
\tab ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
\tab DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
\tab DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
\tab OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
\tab HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
\tab STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
\tab IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
\tab POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par }}}